In animation, mist hangs over snow-capped mountains.
Our view weaves among the craggy peaks.
Titles appear: "The Blender Foundation presents
the Durian Open Movie Project."
"A Blender Institute Production.
This film was supported by The Netherlands Film Fund."
A figure trudges through the snow, using a long pole to steady her steps.
The slim teenaged girl leans into the wind, clutching her leather collar close around her neck.
A bandit attacks!
The girl blocks his spear with her pole. It breaks in half!
The bandit swipes at the petite girl with the spear.
She dodges his blows.
Trapped against a boulder, she draws her dagger from its sheath and stabs his shoulder!
He flings her aside and draws his own dagger.
She scoots backwards, grabs the bandit's fallen spear, and plunges it into his belly!
The bandit falls heavily onto his side and lies still.
The girl, Sintel, rolls onto her back, her chest heaving.
Wind ruffles her short, shaggy red hair.
She narrows her golden-brown eyes.
A short distance away, a warm light glows from a yurt.
Sintel retrieves the spear and drags it behind her as she staggers across the arctic terrain.
An emblem of a tree appears next to a title: "Sintel."
The girl's labored steps grow slower and she collapses.
Inside the yurt, a shaman studies the spear.
He ladles hot soup into a bowl.
He hands her the bowl.
Bright embers from the fire float up into the air.
In a flashback, Sintel searches through debris in a medieval city.
Waving away pesky flies, she picks through fruit found under a pile of boards.
Something crashes onto a nearby roof!
Sintel scrambles up onto the roof and draws her dagger.
A frightened baby dragon cowers.
The size of a cat, the scaly dragon widens its golden eyes.
Two little horns curve down around its head.
Blood oozes from a wound on one of its leathery bat-like wings.
Sintel cautiously holds out her hand and the dragon sniffs her fingers.
Later, in her hovel, Sintel cleans the wound.
With a smile, Sintel cradles the little creature.
Later, she sets down a bowl of water and smoothes a garment into a cozy nest.
The dragon crawls into the nest and lies down.
In her bed, Sintel pulls a cover up to her chin.
Time passes. The little dragon, Scales, sleeps near Sintel's bed.
Sintel's fingers curve gently around the dragon's tiny talons.
A scar from the wound forms a jagged pattern on its left wing.
A chicken runs down an alley.
The dragon chases the chicken! It flies over a cart.
Sintel follows, running past startled city dwellers.
She barrels into a crate of fruit, spilling it.
Sintel stops and looks around.
The chicken falls at Sintel's feet!
As she stares at it, Scales perches on a beam overhead.
The little dragon exhales a small fiery cloud.
Blinking her golden-brown eyes, Sintel smiles.
In the sky, a dozen birds fly by in a V-formation.
Scales casts a longing gaze at them.
00:04:44.500 - 00:04:54.500
The dragon takes flight, following the birds.
Sintel sprints up an old stone staircase to the top of a ruin.
On the roof, she watches Scales cavorting in the air with the birds. She grins.